This is a head-gum original.
Is this live?
No.
It feels that okay.
No, doesn't it?
There it is.
It's happening.
We're on.
In studio.
Yeah.
In uterine.
Sure.
Losing the ad revenue right off the bat.
This episode's off the rails already Johnny.
Let's get it started, Michael.
Let's get it started.
Let's get it started in the hall.
We have to do 60 minutes.
So let's start it right now and then explain what we're doing.
Okay.
And you.
Where have you been?
This is my shot glass.
This is already not going well.
We're doing a power hour.
Is there an hour?
Yep.
There's that long explanation.
Yeah.
I accidentally used the two shot glasses.
Right around the corner there.
There's the home.
Yes.
There we go.
It starts going.
It's going so bad that we almost need to restart.
I guess that's just part for the course.
We've got Jeff Rosenberg on the show for the first time ever.
You've never heard it before.
You just saw it.
I, you know, I saw some of the grammancy show.
But I'm not going to get a drink.
This is perfect.
Did not come back.
I don't think I'm going to drink.
You're going to have 60 of them.
You've got to get a drink.
You've got to go home.
You Irish accident.
We're drinking.
Yeah.
I think half of this is a shot.
These are too big.
We should also say.
Yeah.
These are like.
Jake is doing whiskey.
That's correct.
Because you didn't want to hand it.
But I'm not doing it.
We're not 60 shots of his feet.
We're doing the equivalent.
The liquor.
Okay.
Every 10 minutes every 10 minutes.
Right.
What do you think it was every eight and a half minutes?
He would take a shot.
Yeah.
Are we?
I'm fucking itching to drink this.
Can we do it in 10 seconds?
Yeah.
I'm starting the timer right now.
And then we'll get into the episode.
Cheers.
Men.
Delicious.
Smooth to Cate.
Going down all of our throats.
The taste of Cate is.
Me or Shite compared to that of.
Wow.
I can already tell.
I cannot do six shots of fucking.
That was more than a shot we should say.
Was it?
Great.
These are not shot glasses.
These are dixie cup size.
It's the smallest I could get.
On Tuesday.
Oh, are you British?
Yeah.
On Tuesday.
We shouldn't say that.
Japanese didn't.
You said it would.
A power half hour with breakfast.
Yes.
On Tuesday.
I tweeted out.
Why doesn't there again sit.
A brand ambassador.
And they fucking responded.
They had the goal.
And within two hours.
I was an ambassador.
And a beer.
And beer ambassador.
But did you get his hair cancer for free?
I get it.
Do you get it?
Reimbursed like fucking tax.
Is that true?
Wow.
Interesting.
This is actually a loads of experience.
Do not take the shot with you guys.
Every.
I feel like you should be drinking a shot of something.
I can't do it.
Because my stomach can't handle it.
Like I could.
I guess I could do water.
You're a source.
As hell from a insane ab workout.
Yeah.
And with Micah.
So he's right.
It's theoretically going through the same.
Yeah.
But I can burp.
So it's different.
I guess.
But we are drinking.
Gensets.
That I will eventually have gotten for free.
Are they giving you money as well?
Out of curiosity.
No.
It's not a paid gig.
It's a reimbursed gig.
So you have to.
You have to send receipts.
It's my turn.
And it's on my turn.
That's pretty long.
But no.
My friend Max was the Narraganset beer ambassador.
Brand ambassador.
They didn't have the term at the time.
And he's the one who told me that they should reimburse me.
So I haven't even confirmed it.
Reimbursed you.
That's really good.
But actually, why don't you leave the puns to the brand ambassador.
How do you going to do anything?
You don't have enough hands.
The laptops in your lap.
It's on your fucking legs.
You're holding a mic.
I was so mad.
She was trying to get us to do this in a better way.
This is all we could kind of figure out.
Yeah.
And I already lost us the ad revenue because I had to get us started.
And get us started.
Let's get it.
We're done with this.
I think we're doing double shots of this shit.
Sorry.
It's already been five minutes.
Let's kind of wax your first spell.
I am an ambassador.
We are drinking there again.
Sit high neighbor.
That's a great day for against it.
Johnny, tell us about your sexual escapades as of late.
All right.
Well, I got invited to a sex party.
Yeah.
It's tomorrow, right?
No, next Friday.
Okay.
Did you get invited or did you kind of solicit an invitation?
I got a little bit of boat.
They invited me, but I had to apply.
Okay.
Man.
Being invited sounds like way sexier than applying.
I don't know.
I was down on my knees begging to get into the front door.
What was the application process?
So.
Dick.
36.
24.
Well, winning man.
Johnny.
Dick measurements.
Head torso and balls.
They rate your attractiveness on a scale of 1 to 14, which is a very odd number.
Actually, very even number.
That's a kind of humor.
That's going to be what you're drinking liquor.
Instead of beer.
They just ask for your social media, basically, and what you're into.
And what'd you say?
Let's see.
Well, yes.
Or whatever.
I'm a power hour.
500 words.
Answer.
Don't need it.
So where does this go down?
Smells like Bushwick.
I thought this was in Brooklyn.
It's actually in Soho.
It's in Soho.
Can you just kiss me?
Can you kiss?
I can absolutely kiss.
Yeah.
Thanks, neighbor.
That's good.
I can take a full can.
It's a thanks neighbor.
Yes.
Maro.
Logan.
There we go.
It's a tiny neighbor.
They have a lot of slogans, which is what I like about them.
Their design is great.
I mean, look at the box.
The body doesn't really need a slogan like that. They kind of sell themselves with like the purity of the lightness of that kind of that that's sub
North American bear
Incorrect
What is this episode?
Yes, you fucking shout out my fucking show we have stuff to get you. I just we've been settling in. I've already had like a beer
It's been seven minutes has been seven minutes. Yeah. Yeah, it's been seven minutes so far
It feels like time is going by fast now. Yeah, but I feel like it's some point in the middle
It's gonna be like this is never gonna have to be outlined. Also, please overt your eyes from the screen
We did like to not know the time to yeah, because I'm more counting and then it's like it's like counting sheep
Yeah, but I kind of need to know the time because I need to take a shot at on the trail
We can know the 10 the 15s or did you decide? Let's do 10s. Let's do 10s. Let's see. We'll do 10s
I'm gonna get wasted. Well, dude. I'm gonna do less
That the first
Is it I think it's a full shot. We'll do 15 or no major killer. Don't try an entirely new style move on a day that it rains
I'm wearing all white and it was pouring today. Yeah, I thought that was pretty sharp actually
They look good. It looks good. I'm enjoying it, but it's every time I'm on the street
I'm like I'm gonna ruin white pants. Yeah, that's it. That is the problem with wearing white. Yeah, did we just miss one? I think a lot of time is one part
I would have done
Fasten some things. I think we did miss one. I think we missed one. We definitely missed one
I'm gonna take a cheers. And what's that? I don't think we need to add to it if we don't see here at the dawn
I just can't get enough of that golden nectar
Gensic cotton. If you're to cut a ambassador, you should be taking extra one, too
Well, we even call it to cut to ambassador. There's nothing
Could still be a tow your sitter to caught a no
Yeah
Thank you. What about like a
Comrade like to come to come rad-dray. No
It's forced
Come rad-dray
Why drag
To cut like acres of the world unite. You have nothing to lose, but a bottle cap
Is that in front of their website?
It was a play on the first couple sentences of the communist manifesto. I see
Of course
I have a couple subjects
To wax about that's kind of singular to you guys as people. Okay. You already established that. I'm a Narrigan set brand and beer sitter
You know anybody go to Narriganset.com
See if you can locate beer sellers near you whether it's a bar or whether it's a guard
Is that what I think or is that was that just fucking plug?
Just they're not paying you yet
Yeah, we get all
Amazing you spend war. I'm in the literal red you're operating on a assumption that they're going to reimburse you
You don't even know for sure
When I'm operating on is all cylinders going fine
No, Jake, let's talk about you search for a watch. We were just talking about this. Yeah, you want to be you want to appear. I'm going to step out. I want to I want to appear
Powerful and rich to others. Yes, you don't think that comes across with your plaid shirt
Sorry, I guess I hope it does I hope it does, but I was getting hot
So I'm not to take this off when I am wearing a buck mace and t-shirt
Yeah, it's a little more expensive than you're having if you think buck will be at the sex party. Oh, I hope so
Mr. Mace
Again
That's that liquor
That's the liquor joke
No, but you're in the market for a swatch. No, not a swatch, but a Swiss watch on the list Swiss. Yeah, I'd like to be sweet
German did a British designed yeah Swiss made in a way German engineer the world will source
He's a Nazi set of fire. I believe what's he he is a Nazi set
Says who
I am worried for the rest of the show. I only outlined 45 minutes so we're not behind schedule outline anything
So far this is actually all gone to Jecks plan and to my head. I didn't eat a lot today
I had a chicken salad sandow from Frankles
That's huge though. They do big sandwiches don't they that's true
Why are you leaving over there now? What's that and are you living in green point now?
Say it online you dox every
Yeah, I'm in green point nice green point some big neighborhood have you been to twins lounge? Yes, I did a bar crawl
And you were out of town. Yeah, I also wouldn't have come. That's
Very good my podcast renovation actually has a monthly residency there at twins lounge. That's right
Really? How did you ever make it through without sweating? What do you mean? Oh, because that you go upstairs?
Yeah, yeah, we've never been upstairs. Is it hot? Maybe maybe not
Temperature wise or like the first time I went to all of the bartenders had their shirts off
What really illegal take as you I took one early. I think because we're talking about watches nice that's a department of health
Johnny you're at the bar crawl. Mm-hmm. It was kind of in remembrance of Johnny
What did we talk about this already? No, why do we did remembrance? I so I sent out a little Pixar
Shout out a Pixar a former sponsor
I actually use their platform. It's pretty cool. I just made a little thing saying you know bar crawl
It was called a night of joy. Mm-hmm. Did you go to night of joy? Oh
Kind of get in there. So for people don't live in Brooklyn. There is a bar in Brooklyn called night of joy
I did a bar crawl in Brooklyn called it night of joy, but we didn't go to the night of joy
Like a point of that out. Yeah, that was a great bar. Like that bar. It does look abandoned when they're not open yet
Yeah, most of I because it's under the BQ evasically everything there looks like shit
It's I do to fur do you know that they're building a bike slide? I've just passed by night shade. I think it's
There's a night shade in the arts district. It's a lamp that's a lamp store
No, it's I do I thought that it was like a de-funked bar for the longest time and then
Years after living in this neighborhood. I drove by and like two and it was just popping
Why are you driving like two I am or two PM? I guess it was I I had landed
You're drunk driving. Yeah, I was I came back. It was when I came back from LA so it was late at night
And it was like maybe one it I think it was almost to um but to round up the bar crawl story
I was using Pixar and one of the templates had an extra line of text and I was like I don't have anything to put here
The info's already here
So I was like let me just make it in honor of Johnny and then I it was gonna be a night in honor of Jonathan Villa
And then I changed it to remembrance but I spelled it wrong so then everybody was saying it was in remembrance
And then at the third bar Ramona
I gave everybody a chance to say a few words about Johnny. What's Johnny? Well, he's there. I was like that's nice
How many people came? I think total like probably 30 40
30 to 40. I don't even know that's such a disturbing amount of people
Are you rented it out? We didn't rent it if you go on Rezi you can reserve the upstairs at Ramona. Oh, it's
That's crazy. But we had the dinosaurs to ourselves. That's so nice. It was insane and then we got like Johnny and I got a couple bottles of wine
Champagne. We popped the champagne and remembrance. Yeah, and believe you haven't like done this since
This was like two weeks ago. No, it was when you were in LA really two weeks ago. Yeah
We should do it again. We wanted to do one for Johnny's half birthday in two weeks
So they're always about Johnny. I don't mind that. I'd be done for always Johnny themed. Yeah, it was a good thing covid's over
Hello
Totally man Johnny still hasn't fucking got a breakthrough case. Yeah, I've been going out more
Just as much if not more than him. Yeah, I saw today the day you'll get it for sure today it's actually my death day
After this is my recovery day. Yeah, so Jeff is a great
Last a little bit longer then you're all fucked
This is already not great because I'm starting to feel buzzed really because I didn't need enough today and not a huge
Just sandwich with our well actually won't ask the time Jeff does want to know I don't know
But anyway, so yeah, I wanted to ask but yeah, like you're watching KG about it. I'm not being KG
I have
48 to $50,000 that I'd like to spend
On the watch
On the watch really on the face. I'll spend more on the bracelet
Talk about it again. Let's just plant the seed right now that I'm trying that I kind of successfully got you into the idea of
Maybe getting well I see he's wearing a necklace and everyone here
I believe is wearing a necklace. I may if I'm wrong. No, I'll tell you what I had my gateway piece of jewelry was my wedding
I made me realize that I like interesting thing about this power hour timer is it doesn't go off if it's not on the screen
Is that what's happening? Yeah, yeah, I do mean I've noticed we haven't heard them
No, here's what we'll do so on has to pull it up on their phone all I wanted to do was plant the seed that you might you're in the market for a watch
Yes, so we'll follow up in you know four to eight weeks whenever you get the piece and we'll talk about the story
Yeah, also Micah might get a Venus
Pena
That's a callback for everyone at home. That's a callback from earlier when I made the same exact joke
Several times
What I do think is going to be the viewers experience for this episode is that it it's the most like it just feels like they're hanging out with us
But either to its detriment or not right that was it like it wasn't a podcast that was just
That was us hanging out. Yeah
Namaste I like when it's timed perfectly to like the end of a joke. That's really good. Yeah, that's nice
Let's all see how often that but it's also kind of funny when it's in the middle of somebody's well
But then people are drinking instead of laughing and you feel like you really like
Blue it Johnny let's talk about fashion. What's the next move for your ass? Sorry
Why do you talk to Johnny about fashion and not me?
The best dress. I don't have a Rolex on this wrist that would be are you might have one?
Okay, you're chasing by the way
Gosh it's actually have the puns. Oh
You said you were asked I said 40 people shout out to my bar called you were like how the fuck do you know these
There's many people my tattoo artist showed up
There and yeah at liking honey shout out. She's based in LA
But she's in Paris right now or should I say pop
Say anything about where she's based
She's based on tangential Johnny fashion. What's the next move like the next swurve what's next fit Johnny?
Let's talk well. I think he's in agreement with me if I'm gonna cut in here with the turtle neck
Yes, he's the only person who hasn't answered yet
I'm just
I apologize for cutting in but please no no you actually had a very very good point with the turtle neck
Look man, I think the 80s are back and full force just wait to bring summer
80s not 90s 90s was 80s is going to be interesting
Interesting
You know what because we were at the Johnson's in Bushwick. Yes, and they were paying they just play 80s smash hits
But they've been playing 80s music forever
But how it's even a
I don't think you can base it on music is what I'm saying if you think you go to a bar and they're playing this type of music
So that's an ex fashion. Yeah, I don't I don't buy that all right
As someone wearing a buck macy
About to wear a Rolex about to wear a roll
You see this that's not that's gonna be a Rolex
Your frail risk it's gonna be a Rolex. Don't call them frail
They're fancy about that. Oh, like what happened? Oh, I need to thicken them up somehow
What about a watch on like the bicepter like your hunting every twin of each I'm just saying like like why were it on the wrist?
I don't like showing like drawing attention to thin wrists, which I may or may not have and I want to I want to wear it
Maybe midway up. Yeah, is that what about midwife up?
Mean you could wear a watch on your waist
My Rolex is a belt yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, um, did you guys see oh?
Sports center tweeted out. Did you see the Jake fall-puff it? I'm sorry. I asked no, I didn't watch the Jake pull fight
Was it received or was it the one from like a month ago glad you asked this was from like a month ago
But it was they tweeted out that he was wearing Rolexes on his like boxing shorts. He wasn't at all. They were re-shared mills
Huh? They were re-shared mills
Richard mills
See, I feel bad doing them these episodes in person you've never heard the show. I yell a lot
With the zoom it's like a level of like separation where I'm like I'm not actually yelling at another cue right
Yeah, I just yelled at you and I feel bad. I didn't I didn't you can I didn't consider that you yelling
The interruptions are weirder because they catch people off guard
I'm sorry. I was looking to see when we're thinking of a shot. Oh shit. We're definitely missing some of these
Welcome to
The miss one miss one. Yeah, I like that you're resting your
Shot of beer on your laptop
Anyway, the people listening to this episode will be able to do drink along with us or have like the drinking
Become so super merry gole-fix and impost probably. Yeah, I'll add I'll make sure we haven't all right
What people should do is like if you're gonna drink along to this please do it with friends
Please don't do this alone. I feel yeah to listen to the show and drink alone as the worst
You don't even have to do it responsibly just don't do it alone well the high neighbor or
Rhynever you're giving
Genset so much fucking airtime
I promised their social media manager who did not give me their name
That I would talk at length about Genset on this baby. Usually their email is usually their name, though
It was
Instagram
And again follows that like actually kind of similar to me or less. Okay, that's either a flex or the opposite of a flex
I would say somehow both
Welcome to high neighbor or Rhynever. Okay, this game is near against it's themed obviously
Basically, I'm gonna shout out a celebrity
You're in selling ads for you're as an
Embarrassed or you're just like giving away free content and they're not even gonna re-inverse
You're fucking you're not an imperson your mark. I think I'm spent $50 on their games
It's since Tuesday and like usually we sell ads on this show like once what's one add on this show like $500?
Something like that. Yeah
I talked about it for 20 minutes
Anyway, what can talk about what's it not what's an advertiser on this show?
Tacata
Athletic greens better home great formerly Ray com
We're really pigs are what let's deal let's deal with the advertisers we belong
Has Jake had anything in a minute what time what time are we at? 20
So I wouldn't have ten more minutes wait
No, I thought they're for the 10 it's on the 10 let's do it but now do it on the next one do it on this one
I'm just saying it's literally been in the minute. Oh, yeah, you're gonna do it between ones
The game the name of the game is high neighbor or Ryan neighbor because ever played no obviously
haven't really no you came up with this game based on your sponsorship or lack the wrong
You've got over here. Can I guess what it is? Yeah
It's gonna be a fact about something and you have to guess if it's a fact about narrow against it or if it's a fact about
Whiskey
That would have actually been more pertinent the situation
Being that Jake is drinking bourbon, but could have been a rye, but wasn't that was the a buzzer or not
necessarily the drink minute, right? No, that was an incorrect buzzer the truth and it is
That was good like you're looking at it
Cheers
No, the name of the game is high neighbor Ryan neighbor meaning
I'm gonna say a celebrities name
And you guys have to say whether or not you think they've been spotted by the pops drinking
Ganset or whether they have lived or currently live in a rye rye New York. Yeah, okay
It actually be really easy for me. Oh, but we play per real cash Jeff doesn't know this
Yeah, so it's a hundred dollars for every right answer hundred dollars owed to me for every wrong answer
My bank account is sub a thousand dollars at the moment, so let's just
Right carefully
Don't look at the screen, obviously first person is Jason Bateman. Oh, oh, Ganset
rye
First answers the only one that's for cash. So words he lived he lives in a rye
That's insane. I thought it was in those arcs
That was a television show by the way
It's not real
Bateman lives in rye to be sure. How do you know if you go to the rye with competing pages says notable people who live here or from here?
I said live or have lived
There it is and is it better and there it didn't loss than to have never lived at all
So he's maybe from rye. He definitely lives in L.A. Yeah, he holds court in L.A. He lives in rye
Well, Bateman you had to think about it like he's he's been in several TV shows several movies
He has podcast with bought by Amazon for a hundred or Spotify. No, Amazon for hundreds of millions of dollars
Spotify boo
Yeah, I feel like he you throw anything to innovation out of Spotify. He's got two places. Yeah, like he has a two-bedroom apartment in L.A. and a studio in Manhattan
That's bad. Is this like studio? Yeah, it's a lot of money. He has two fucking paths. He has two bedroom apart condo in New York
And he has a whole condo. He has a house in the hills and he's rye. Where he has to be his
Children. One bath house in the hill. He has children and a wife. Okay, okay, so maybe a three bedroom one
one Swift Taylor Swift. She probably has she is fucking loaded because she gets royalties on all of her
on her fucking music. So she has she doesn't because I thought I thought yeah, I'm going to actually
Does and see from scooter. I'm saying she has a more bedroom scooter condo in mall. I kind of think the scooter
One laughs for bedroom condo. Yes, so for bedroom condo because there's two on the top one on the main and one in the basement
It's a wreck room
I said
Just because you're not chasing for payment
What was your kind of looks like?
What's the next fucking person?
Taylor Swift. I think she's against it. No, she's a fucking. That's absolutely correct. Thank you to Johnny
ville for getting that right because guess what? Her biggest beach house is in Rhode Island. See
you know she's been seen with a dance. Newport. I should have known that. I wish.
Oh, man. I'm already feeling it and I get very violent when I'm true. Yeah, I've been out with Johnny a lot
He's fucking picks fights. You'd never assume based on kind of look for small children because I'm already pretty small
Yeah, so I'm trying to see if I can win a fight right so it's without early. So he's drunk picture him drunk at 330
Like just waiting outside school school school school bus is crime target just like waiting outside
You know that you need to do work on yourself when you say the word target
All right Anthony Bourdain. Oh, that's cancel. Correct
Fucking $100. Hell yeah. I also thought that that was the shot. Are we gonna show the photos of them?
I don't remember what the game is about to be a game is high neighbor Ryan. We think you are they're either
There's even a photo of you. I'm never gonna narrow the camera near Genset or they are from or live
They spent time in Ryan New York. I spent time really on
But there's no get the game Ryan ever you can't even name the
Why don't you know if they live in rock
Does no a lot about where celebrities live and non celebrities that's true this Westchester County
But right no Ryan New York. That's on a Westchester. We're talking to Jessica County
Interesting
It's in Westchester but court of Harold and Mod fame
Right
This sucks. Yeah, I mean that was obvious because like you wouldn't have just thought of that guy you were like
I can tell which ones are pulled from the right what could be at this point because Jason Bateman was like the number one
Bud court holds court and right
Notable alumni of right have I ever gone to bud court have you ever held bud court? Oh, absolutely not
All right, here's if you had a two-fanny dude. I'm getting a lot of her being honest. Yeah, I'm not sure you didn't now
Mike Dentony
Dentony right fucking
Genset
Told you right
Fucking Seth McFarlane
Genset
Correct. I think you're up 200 and he keeps edging you out by like a millisecond
Well, I was up 200 then I I was up 100. I owed you money then I just got money back
So I have meeting thinking about who owes me money. That's great
You're faded man Amelia fucking error heart. Oh wow, right. Obviously, Ryan
This sucks
Debra fucking messing
I
Show me the folder of messing with the dancing. There's no photo
What's from Rhode Island so you know she had a Genset, but you
But you said
Comoretta see them you broke your own guns
There's no photos of celebrities drinking near a Genset
They want to bring us this game because I'm sponsored by the shit
What am I supposed to do? Nergenset doesn't rhyme with anything Johnny
You you're a fraud
Presansen maybe wrong
You're a fucking funny man. You said the game was if the celebrity was photographed with a Genset
Yeah
For real I'm not gonna be wrong Rhode Island
Man who hasn't even had a Rolex. I'm gonna have a
Even know the name was Jeffrey mean Chris Hanson near a Genset. Well, he's Kanson
He's Kanson. He's canceled. We saw Kanson. I don't they see really can't what did I do?
Kanson. Oh, it's good. Wait Chris Hanson
There's no he's
He can't
Yeah
Who's the guy from the bachelor
I don't know
Handsome
Thank you. Thank you. All right. John fucking J
The like by the law
Jake is up for $100
You know why the power our works for high and mighty because that's a show about nothing
Yeah, so is this show but and there's too much structure to also do a power or we should have just waxed
We should have just waxed. See yeah, and that's your fault. You were stressing out about writing this entire episode
Yeah
Might be as cause gave us as a better host
Okay
That was easy
I'll never not laugh
The Nash this segment's too long
When you get to when you get to John Jay and Ogden Nash
Let's let's fucking move on. Yeah, right? Just pay me yeah
Exactly. I've come up a solid pay me my $300
Obviously when the game
All right, can I sell you? It just goes in the taxing part of the demo
It's but I'm the one that gets taxed on demo because it's my income
You actually can write it off as a loss
All right
No way
Yes, that was like a 30 second minute
Not for you. No, I think I took it. Maybe I took it too early. I think you did. I mean anything for cancer
God if I ever go into a non entertainment industry job
This is gonna be the thing that loses her fucking position. What's that entertainment industry job that you currently have?
That was easy
Full steam ahead full steam ahead
All right, are you ready for our next segment or do you guys want a seven minute break?
Seven minute break. Let's take a break. Yeah, let's take a breather. I love it. Let's we'll wax
Michael, let's let's talk
Little dirty. Hey, did it twice. Let's talk that
In a rose
You touched my leg and I sort of tried to move it out of the way and I almost seemed like you came for it again
Like you're doing it out. I thought you were the reason I looked at you the second time
Because I thought you were trying to get my attention
You're a fucking trash bro
It's not been that my guess is puking
I guess we're falling at the mouth. There's two doors
There's no worse through the tower
There are two doors to the home
I'm feeling that my
Oh, wait, everyone quiet is your thing
Oh, k-book, sorry
Yeah, no, I can't get you against me. You went to other room. Yeah, I can I can absolutely get to you
This is one where I might text Ferris and be like, hey, I can't do the assembly cut. Is it cool if you take this one?
Yeah, I don't like fuck you. Yeah, on your Ferris. Was that your joke?
No, I'll take credit for it. Good just in time. Oh my god. You need new shot glass. Throw over there
It was uh it was Marieka Marieka and I did trivia. I'm choose day. Love love love
Love two if chain
Did you think trippy that is that he long? Oh, that's also good. What's it like Dennis? Why are you fucking pissed everyone's
We're laughing on your toes. Oh, you fucking got it all over yourself. You're
We're talking to each other shot. Yeah, I can do that. You know when you're when you get past that certain part of being drunk that's fun and then suddenly you're like angry
Yeah, I feel like you got it really fast because it's like
I've been doing not alcohol against him
I'm so sorry they thought
This is going so bad
You just dumped what on Jeff's computer. Just a little bit against it
Against it is actually increasing the ram weirdly
You should be an ambience. I'm thinking about reaching out to them. Yeah, well, you don't know what it's fucking taste
It's good not be going
I think it's going fine-to-bad
You're what you take it a paper towel to your laptop, right? It was a napkin and also I think that high neighbor Ryan neighbor went pretty
We were having diminishing returns since Beton you will be $300 this sucks can I sell you?
Yes, you can tell me it's fine, but you're not dodging taxes. That's good. I want to understand the tax implications are still there
That actually sucks to hear. Yeah, okay cool. I just need to write off enough money
To even out the money. I spent on arrogance
Well actually you could start you could you have a job as an ambience reader?
You could write off your your beer spend on arrogance and as a loss. Well, so this is because that's
Because we're fucking talking about right you could you could write this off as as a loss
Here's the thing I bought these for $68 and you could because we're filming this right that
That's wardrobe for the meeting. Yeah, that's arrogance. That's right
All right, that's that was a five minute break. This is gonna bring us into the next segment
That's the way I don't want to be fucking I don't want any lawyers coming it'd be for saying that we're drugs not
Not a wall, okay?
You can dodge attacks because these jacens expense almost 20 grand off of buck mason
Mr Mason
Jam glad to make sure he just walks right by you shoulders you
I'm gonna have a roll-exprister
Have a roll anyone can say that
Roll-exprister, you see this?
That's fucking gonna be a roll-exprister
Like when you say that you're pulling down your shirt
Welcome to like a little bit
Or one movie this means not working to get a roll-exprister
American welcome to the finds or things
Okay, Pfizer pun the fact that you guys didn't
Explode with joy and surprise is a fucking a front to not only me, but make a
What is not aware of the segment? No, is it a Pfizer pun?
The finders finders finders. So they find
You guys could have at least smiled what he said it
I think I said cool or I don't know I've reacted in the positive enough way the red dragon himself
Here's the thing right and Johnny come back me up on this rave finds definitely enjoys the finer things
That's not bad actually when you say like that
You should have said the rave finders things. Yeah, yeah
I think there was a way to do it that was better like yeah, you like had to back us all the way into it being a rave
Finds pun
Ralph isn't it? No, it's rave. It's rave like rafial
Finds
Oh, yeah, my middle name is Rafael nice. Yeah, sorry. I'm like really
Don't know about rave holding aside
Calvanga
God damn. By the way, that's shot. Oh, yeah, I fuck wait for the next one. No, I'll do it
Oh, I'm interested in it. Yes, so
We're all I'm bringing under the same assumption that rave finds enjoys the finer things. Yes
Have you guys seen Jesus
English patient have you guys seen GQs 10 essentials yes of
Any celebrity like the 10 things I can't live without right. I see I thought we could postulate
This isn't a game. It's just kind of like a fun structure of a wax segment. What do we think rave finds finds or things?
Or who is rave finds?
Remind the rave finds Voldemort
Not fucking it's no he's MQ. Yeah, yeah, and he's also Voldemort. Yeah, I don't think that
I feel like no what you know in his English English patient, but he because he is M
Yes, yeah, like if we're like, oh, yeah, let's do the let's do the 10 things
He can't live without the finds or things and they're like who is this guy? Oh Voldemort
That's gonna set my cup per failure on the game. Do you know what I mean?
I think he likes his game. Jeva's been saying sorry every time I pull him
You're bad. I think he likes like a salt deprivation chamber something like that. Yeah, yeah
That's a fire where are you going? That's good. Throw something good. I need more of yours. Oh, I can get you
Well, I kind of I'd like to talk about what I think the finds are things are okay
This is crazy
There's no way the splash card
Jumera quiet tickets. That's not really fucking we don't even know if he likes music let alone
Jumera lives music everybody looks music. I don't look at me like
And we don't know if he likes fucking I don't know it. I don't even know who that is
I'm sorry a for Jumera quiet
Jumera quiet. I don't wait to subjected to it. I think some glasses
I'll interject there and say I actually go like music you don't like kind of my claim to fan
Yes, Jeff doesn't like music
Not a fan of music actually you basically predicted podcast because you didn't like music before podcast
We're even relevant right no one listened to me that no one doesn't come in now
It's all right. It's moved
I've never had a smoother. Yeah, I would like to say that the whisper and the
I was trying to cut that the episode at earlier wasn't you did a nice line the Ganset it was because you said something while the
Ganset was going down. Yeah, yeah, I
I fear we're getting away from the fines or things. We are it. We're basically
As on topic is any other segment so you said the Rolex was number one
I said Jumera just like I'm gonna have yeah, what we'll what did you say? Jumera quiet tickets and I would disagree with you you said
Sensory deprivation chamber
I think that's a little much for rave. No, I think he lives I mean I think he lives look
Google his address. I think he lives in the English country side. I think he lives in a deprivation chamber in an oven 12
He does something specific with his hair. I think he is so short of everything you were exactly
Okay counting that's 30 thousand dollars in jigspock. Thank you. No, I now I don't think somebody living in suffoc
I feel like he I don't know that's where you have a sensory deprivation tank
You don't have the space. I think he has antiques
You don't really need space for I feel like I think I think he has antiques
I feel like he has like an old old boat or like a King's
Bound carry something something like that
Oh, he has any kids none of these are each exclusive by the way. We're just waxing. What Johnny thought excuse me
But we're not waxing. We're not waxing. We're waiting
And we're trying to get to 10 things that rave fines can't live without and we have to agree on them
It's waxing also everyone just saw the way the waxing
The waxing is what happens in between segments. Are we in a segment? Are we in a segment?
We're actually within a segment. He is a nice car. How about he is a car and a Rolls Royce for your boys
He has an Alden's rewards card for shoes
You how do you like that? How about a
Lush bath bomb for rave
We're you're getting you're including too far on into the 10 things. Do you know what I mean? Like we're gonna get to 10 things and and two of them are gonna be a rewards card in a bath bomb
That's 20% of his shit
What about a strong horse? Yes, are you feeling drunk at all because you've been driving away the fucking trash
I just feel like we're going through this all thing. I want to make sure you're with us at the same
Yeah, I feel pretty drunk. All right, I'm minute 38 by the way, I see two two more great. I didn't mean to hit this
But now I have to make something out of it
I hear by crown Rosie is the best first guest ever. Oh, that's taking in one count Zach Dunn. Yeah, that's huge
Who is
Yeah, yeah, dude
We should say so so we had kind of vaguely talked about doing a power r. I feel like and then we were climbing
And you said is that for real. I said. I don't know. Let's see if Jake would do it and then I lied
I told you that Johnny was on board. He hadn't fully run it by him yet
You said I wouldn't do beer, but I would do a shot or like we figured out that it would be a shot of every 15 10 to 15 minutes
Yeah, and then you run board
I don't even he didn't like mention this at all to me. I've just kind of say yes to whatever that's also true
And then you guys we're gonna hang out
Anyways because this is my day of recovering from COVID
This is date
I didn't quite work out timing left
We are still trying to figure out basically ray fines 10 essentials so we have we have a car
We have a tennis we have a watch tennis sense. Yes. What's his sport? I think it's tennis. It could also be golf
Okay, or cricket. I'm thinking okay
Yeah, okay, it's definitely you gotta keep in mind is he's really into the fines are sing. Oh
Look okay is a finer fines or thing if you're a little muddy. What's the most expensive sport that you could be into?
Tennis. What kind of a tennis hockey a tennis actually go about pull the clubs. Yes, Polo
Polo I bet you pull out
Correct league. I think also maybe some water sports that you need a boat for yeah
Water sports. Yeah, I guess the the sports where you need the yachting a sport though
I don't think
I would like to say that anybody is doing does no watch is we were kind of all looking at watches earlier
And my good kind of took to the yacht master the Rolex yacht master, which is kind of like an off-the-beating pad thing
I love it for you, man, but you have to get the boat first
Pointed out that it was a weird name the watch
My thing with my kids like he's not doing the fines or things don't talk to me whispering
Into a mic
What about what about a check made out to his sidepiece? No, oh
Fines doesn't have a sidepiece
Almost ported because sidepiece is a I heard a sidepiece was a cascio
Let me fucking finish actually
We've got to check me now. No sidepiece is husband hamilton
I'm sorry, but he's in the suits
Leisure hi neighbor hi neighbor can he pass me again
That's really good also
I mean this is way earlier we do have to take a break. Wow. We're right back. We can't take a break
I mean we'll take shots during the break
Thank you to better help for sponsoring this episode of our show guys is something preventing you from achieving your goals or interfering with your happiness
We'll check out better help.com slash what's that?
Better help will assess your needs and match you with your own licensed professional therapist
I've been in therapy for four years now almost it's been unbelievable
I'm definitely a better version of myself and
You know can show up for people in my relationships much healthier and better
And better help is just one option a great option to find online therapy where you can connect in a safe and private
Environment that's so convenient you can start communicating in under 48 hours and it's not a crisis line
It's not self-help. It's professional counseling done securely online
You can send a message to your counselor at any time
You'll get timely and thoughtful responses plus you can schedule weekly video or phone sessions
All without ever having to sit in an uncomfortable waiting room
Better help is committed to facilitating great therapeutic matches as well
So they make it easy and free to change counselors if need be
It's also more affordable than traditional offline counseling and financial aid is available
The service is available for clients worldwide
Meaning you can find the particular expertise you need online without limiting yourself to the counselors located near you
Better help has professional counselors who specialize in depression, anger, stress,
Family conflicts anxiety LGBT matters relationships grief sleeping self esteem trauma and much much more
I want you to start living your happier life today and as I'll listen to the headgun podcast
You get 10% off your first month by visiting our sponsor at betterhelp.com slash what's that?
Join over one million people who have taken charge of their mental health again. That's better help
HELP dot com slash what's that? Thanks better help
Thank you to athletic greens for sponsoring this episode of our show guys
I have started using athletic greens every day because it honestly gives me a lot more energy
I feel like I'm getting a bunch of fibers and you know
All the good stuff that you need to live a happy healthy life in one drink and it tastes great
It doesn't taste like a lot of you know green juices that might be a little bit earthier
It's almost like a bubble gummy cotton candy flavor somehow
So what is this stuff?
Well with one scoop of delicious athletic greens you're absorbing over 75 high-quality vitamins minerals
Whole food source superfoods probiotics and adaptogens to start your day right
This special blend of ingredients supports your gut health your nervous system your immune system your energy recovery
Focus in aging all the things
I take it in the morning. I take it right before I have my coffee and that in conjunction with the coffee
Really kind of sets me off with a spring in my step in a glint in my smile
It definitely helps me with my energy which is something that can you know take me a little while in the morning to get going
I feel like athletic greens helps me get that extra pet
I've also made sure that everybody had had gum has tried it
Rave reviews. I don't know what else to say Johnny loves it. You can't get enough of this stuff
And you know I'm considering it honestly making it such a staple of my daily life that I might have to travel with it. I don't even know
It's a lifestyle friendly drink whether you eat keto paleo vegan dairy for your gluten free and it contains less than one gram of sugar with no GMOs
No nasty chemicals or artificial anything while still tasting great
It supports better sleep, which I have definitely seen
You can look at my sleep cycle app
a lot of 80% pluses
Sleep quality wise
It supports mental clarity and alertness and it's one thing with the best things
Athletic greens uses the best of the best products based on the latest science with constant product and iterations and third party testing
Right now it's time to reclaim your health and arm your immune system with convenient daily nutrition
Especially heading into cold and flu season and it's just one scoop in a cup of water every day
That's it. No need for a million different pills and supplements to look out for your health. I used to take a bunch of
It was like 12 pills in the morning. It was just it took
Five minutes just to get them all down and stay with athletic greens. I got to take it on the go
I can drink and will I drive et cetera
us and to make it easy athletic greens is gonna give you a free one-year supply of immune supporting vitamin D and
Five free travel pack packs with your first purchase all you have to do is visit athletic greens dot com slash what's that?
Again, that's athletic greens dot com slash what's that to take ownership over your health and pick up the ultimate daily
Nutritional insurance
Thanks, athletic greens
Oh
The buck
Yeah, we are back
Johnny keeps saying that he's like unstable. He drunk, but I you're the most sober amongst us. I'm absolutely not
Yeah, but you can Johnny you
Johnny's you in the shot no, it's not my time yet
It's not he has three more minutes. The viewer can actually go into this video take it on the next one
On the tens and you missed it. I thought you'd do it on the 15s
You know we switched it so I would do more
We're okay, then Mr. we get back to the finds or things. I'm sorry about how drunk Johnny is because he's actually being very quiet
Which is how I know he's trash yeah
The viewer can actually go into this video if they scrub to the beginning
I am a nice brown, but now I'm starting to turn really really around
That's how you know I'm like pretty much your healer stick up to the man
I'm gonna yell at Marie come Monday say hey
This tick-tock thing didn't work out. Did you guys try to do tick-tocks?
No, it is working out actually. I'm gonna cut that out because it's kind of doing numbers
I don't like when I don't have a good idea
Right, let's get back to the finds with things poppers
Hmm, he's not into that you don't think right on one drug of choice is poppers. It's definitely a tiny baggy of coke
Yeah, yeah, he's like a Sherlock Holmes
What a huge day
You say no
Oh, should we do a little coke on a cheese
Oh
You know this is already bleeding rib so we're liking
On a monday look
What about a thumb ring just in this now
Biggie ring maybe maybe with her like I'm like I'm like I'm just like I'm just a time
Well, we did I must answer Johnny Villa
Me, he rest in peace
Speaking of you, I'd like to just take a minute to plug in there against it longer
Mid-segment
By the way
They're getting to a so front and center in me and just shot that it's been plugged the entire
That was on purpose. We actually put the decotties
Let's do this. Let's keep talking about the finds or things. We're about nice
What he did nice was he and
E-I-S-S
What is that?
Huh
What about claim
Glice I
Think finds has glice
What is the rhythm of the glice
The glice oh yeah, I don't care for music
We should explain what we're talking yeah Jeff's checking out that's like your passport that is
No, it's so I did a job for Facebook years ago meta and
Always to drop to actually 27% tonight
You've stuck
No, I because I got a bunch of these free notebooks hell, yeah, yeah, yeah, it's for Fred. No, it's quite it's actually paper stock though
No, it's cardstock
Do you think finds likes
Scott who's just as she has oh
Konyac I think he's more of a konyac really
Yeah, I got you
Northern England you did get me a Hennessy on us. It was disgusting
I don't like it. Yeah, huh? Hennessy is disgusting. I always try to like make the day special for you and you never
Yeah, yeah, do you think finds has a pubic hair trimmer on hand
He's he has a man-scaped nose hair trimmer that he uses on his grundle
Because he has the fucking the lawnmower, but he lost the charge. Oh, okay
So he still don't excuse me. He still has it in a dock kit. What about a directs air just in case
It's the world's the missed condom
Is it it's thinner than the trojan ecstasy yeah, it is people don't use it thinner than skin condoms are directs
Condoms I do get tested often for that. You don't use condoms
Let's uh
Keep talking about finds or things. What about coffee pocky pocky, he got a full of the timing was I don't miss it
Oh, we measured it
That was the final thing my cousin on point is from because he is this is the rhythm of the rise
What is the glyce? Oh, yeah, the glyce you have to describe the glyce for Jeff to understand the rhythm of the glyce
He has to understand the rhythm of the rice
Which is
Jeff's a perfect form it'll be this meta moment speaking of is in glyce fake
I so because I've been glycegating. Yes, that's exactly right
It's very poorly at the top of the one the one the top of the villain belt
That's exactly an absolute piece of shit
So we the three of us plus Micah's girlfriend
What's going on?
Plan episode of the head go
God, that's where the audio is
I'm trying to explain to Jeff the right the rice, which is the only good way to do that is to who sings that
This is the real it's the rhythm on the night is the original yeah, I rhythm on the night
Yeah, this is the rhythm of the rice
You're so rice. That's good actually. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you have good voice
I'm pretty sure
Shit, bye
Oh, yeah, I'm biting into rice
Sing along and do you know the words?
This is actually pretty good. That's what you do know the way
It's kind of a Johnny point unless this is on Spotify or not. There's an instrumental break
I can't sing along
This is the worst part
Jeff you want to know what I'm just realizing you go to a lot of shows for somebody who doesn't like
Can you pause the video
We're speaking to original Jeff JFFF here. Yeah
I do yeah, no, I go to I do because I want to partake in communal activities
I don't enjoy it. You don't enjoy the music
No, but you enjoy the other aspects of it the
Barely it's more like something to do, you know
This is like the biggest red flag in a human for me
How not like music
See it all right
Let's listen shit, like didn't you see what you strangled the dog as a kid
Shut you like stompers
He likes stuff
I like seeing the life
Be removed from the storm. Yes
There's a moment. I feel like we figured out the finds are things he wants what a sensory deprivation tank
Insuffic. I am the only one that figured out any of the finds hockey poppers. What did you say for funds?
Tennis rack is tennis rack is sunglasses. Oh, hello. You're out
pubic hair trimmer
I know a watch
I know it finds likes. I know they're swatch
ones watch you know like a like a like a like a clear kind of like translucent swatch
Do you agree to the one you're wearing Google what does Ray finds have
That I don't what's gonna happen because I'm having such a great time right now
But when I'm editing this next week, I'm gonna be so mad at myself that this is what we deserve
How does Ray finds pronounce his name? How does Rayf do? How does Rayf do?
Who we get him on the show?
I'd love to get him on the pool my goal for the 2022 is to get like a fucking ailister on the show to be like
To the point where the audience is like what how? How do you think Ray is still an ailister though? Oh, yeah
Put some respect on Ray's
Show some respect. Who's the dream guest Jeff?
Pete Davidson
Like Jennifer Lawrence Jela Jela would get it. She went down now with the with the whole come down
Huh, come down. Yeah, she's part of the like the anti movement
What move the anti move not gonna go on about that, but she was in a Joe Rogan
She's as bad as a vanka. They say wow. Wow. Wow. I'd love to meet this day person
Jeff
Do you have another segment what do you do
I thought I thought you would be looking at something on his no-one seeing Jela on a couple minutes though, huh?
We have begs the question. We saw her
Where and I don't look up shoes in a movie. Oh, she wasn't she was fantastic
Love you. No, I don't know the dream guest is I guess Michelle Obama for just like the laugh of it
If you had Michelle Obama on would you prepare more or the same amount? Oh
More I prepare more when Zack done comes on wow all right
He writes for what we do in the shadows. He's like a college buddy mine, but he's just very funny. Oh, that's cool. That show stole is round
Let me nominate it fucker. I thought it was like an import though that like kind of
All right, what was that all right, apologies
I think you're amazing how I love you would love to meet you. Let's do dinner lunch or lunch and it's not even just come back on this show when he's on
You want to do dinner lunch and it doesn't live in a lunch in it. Yeah, you want to meet him at lunch
There's a body
And then we're going out after this we should say we have to go
I'm I just pop over my side bear. This is my life
Saw the last look of that song and you know, I'm there some distance between it, you know
This is the rhythm of my life is a kind of sadder
I don't know
Yeah, this is the rhythm of my life. You guys are about me, look
What's that he's gone? Yeah
But not for a minute. We have two minutes left of me on your side me love died
Four minutes of the power hour so we don't have two more minutes of the fucking show do we I don't think so
Or do we end it fucking 52 minutes? I think we've started the power and later in the show
Starts out right
Yeah, but the show has a lot the show's not gonna be an hour six minutes. Did you say exactly right?
Yes, oh
Also, whatever Johnny not whatever one of you still a little quick for a here we go. Do you have been done this in a while?
Let's do Johnny's growing out a big bag of cocaine
John and brothers two minutes on the clock here we go Johnny has the floor Johnny's brothers, all right
Johnny's not here. It's only a tomato
Yeah
This is my first power hour, which is really really never never never ever because I know how beat red I get
And beat red I am
Don't look that beat red, especially on video
God this is low that's low America could do some color correction and put absolutely
What about Nick Radot beat Nick and he's red is a beat
Nick red be next to red
Be back used to be by Chloe
I was a big red joke God, I wish it didn't see it
It's still Johnny's brothers. I'm sorry to say
If I had my brothers, I'd be drinking another against it a full-ganset and I deserve to be an ambier sitter
No, you can't
Not you
I'm trying to get off to admit it. All you have to do is tweet and then get 500 we shouldn't
Prang nobody's from the Narraganset media team sees this so here's the thing this is this would be bad
This is bad for the brand social media manager. Let's call him fucking Bertolt. Hi, baby
Don't ever
Hi, neighbor don't ever apply satire against it. We shouldn't get you fucking on the legacy of Narra you guys want to get into fight tonight
Johnny's already drunk enough Johnny. Yeah, I'm violent. I'm violent right now. We as they defined a school that gets out at 945
I'm looking at my school is a box and you offer that so effortlessly. Oh, I can find a school that gets out
You know it these charter schools
Give me a magnet school. That is the end of Johnny's brothers. All right. Did you speak your piece?
I did speak my piece and I'm glad I did
Glad I had the platform. Did you speak your piece with the Jesus piece?
You get a Jesus piece. I should get a Jesus piece. What's the Jesus piece?
Giant cross necklace
This is borderline not even a podcast
I'm so worried what this is gonna sound like and we flushes that by the way. I don't know it's a collective effort for it to be this shit
Yeah, yeah, you're kind of right. I feel like even the segments that you came up with were
salvageable like the finds or things
Was interesting and you you derailed it to a point
Are you real in derailed you're so a self-sabatory trying to figure out the finds or things
And then you were like does you like chalk or what that's just what happened
News would actually happen. I I wrote it as the finds or things to be like. Let's figure out what he's like
What it actually likes. I think that's interesting and then as I was writing suggestions
I was like, oh, what would be his pockets? So like loose pistachios was supposed to be a joke
Yeah, how do you have that in this boggy race well pistachios they're a high-end nut
But he doesn't keep them as pockets
Why not I just feel like you I refuse to be a car stop at the knees when you do shit like
Because this is I think to be a sandbox where we can all plan
But Jeff holds all the cards
And every time he metaphors
Also the cards in the sand dog which is fine
Need somewhere else with cards
I'm so sorry to everyone consuming this. This isn't convenient
I never considered
I'm not defending you. I can barely I can probably barely stand up
I actually need another one of those
to what
Now the power of the end of the podcast we do this we do what are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?
If we go in the middle for the next three minutes we have to figure out what we're going
Nobody fucking cares everybody always comments by the way. Oh, like you know
You're you're citing random LA New York shit that nobody knows. It's so early people hate it
620 oh my god, you say it is five o'clock here when we started it's five o'clock somewhere
You just had him for he didn't do anything. Yeah, you didn't like the joke you could easily have glossed it a loss over it
Micah reacts like what I just did all the time nobody fucking grills him while he's doing it. I just did it a moment
He doesn't react like that to anything
I'm bare nothing was said to me
You react like that yeah
Cheers
We have two more
Why don't we do this? We'll do plugs
We'll do plugs now. We have a talk with we have time. We'll figure out what we're going Jeff you are our guest
What do you have to plug the floors years ago? Oh, that's interesting. All right plug. I will plug the queen and the king
Davian Anna from Tunavation podcast
Check her out. We love that shit
Gone strong
17 years and running I believe. Yes
Do you guys feel like you're having a rebirth? We you I think we're always kind of like re-evaluating who we are
Where we are what we are and when you are and yeah
It's a pretty rewarding not releasing the podcast
I'm regular hours. I'm a big I'm a big on a fan
honest fantastic Davies hitting his groove. I'm worse than ever
No, I'm not saying a good show no one likes what I do but it's it's it's fun to see
I think it's fun to see the familial aspect of it all and and you know we do great stuff
You should start time casting. What's I'm a cast thing?
Dang that would be our world. That's a video
Really, we have one more. Let's do a one minute timer
What happened? I don't know what happened. It stopped at 59 j plugs. I was gonna plug um
I guess I'll plug Rolex. I just feel like
They need it. I was gonna plug Jeff and Anna in Dave and Tunavation
I feel like Jeff did a pretty good job. I feel like you sold the show. I'm gonna use my time here to plug
You've already used your time. It's a watch company
Excuse me
So watch company
They make some of the fucking best time pieces around
Okay, all right, so he's all I was gonna say
It would have a best day in a loving so much
Okay
Micah plug the yacht master. I realize
Haha
The yacht master, but in the
The awkward eraser from tag check it out the y'all pretty whack at Johnny V
Yeah, I'm pretty whack at Johnny V. timers done. There's no
Don't ever stop no ding. All right, everybody wants to look so
Oh
All right, you're doing never hear this play right now
Absolutely not. Let's not do that. No, what we'll do we'll play jolly song and that'll carry us out
Thank you so much for listening to this episode. I'm gonna get him podcast. We'll be back next Friday
Yeah, also sorry if you didn't enjoy this
Is this coming out tomorrow Friday?
This is coming out next Friday. I see you 11
Okay, don't get mad at me for that
Uh, this is Johnny's music. It's very good. Johnny made them. Yeah Johnny made you made this
Really not pretty whack
It should play this at the exact party that you go. It should. Yeah
Johnny's got an EP coming out. You want to hold yourself publicly to this? Yeah. I want to hold myself
No, not even an EP fucking album. No, no time
Wow, his head comes turning into like a like a music production
Who would never do that? You don't like music. I don't care for him, but I'm not part of the founding father's if you will
John Jay style
That's what I'm saying
So then go podcast the apologies if you didn't enjoy it
Honestly saying that every week
We'll catch you guys again next week
Bye neighbor
That's your all trump
And as always stay scheming stay dream
Oh
That was a hit them original
You